Most Popular
Featured Video
(opens in new tab)
gear
Notes
About us
Our mission is to share knowledge and inform decisions.
).
article continues after advertisement
security
Stay informed.
In-depth analysis delivered weekly.
Give this article
By
Gear
Lily Hay Newman
WhiteBlackRedGreenBlueYellowMagentaCyan
Share on Facebook
More Great WIRED Stories
Matt Burgess
Want to start a startup? Get funded by Y Combinator.
SUBMIT
Advertisement
RECOMMENDED VIDEOS FOR YOU...
Image for post
Quincy Larson
Eric Leung
Karl Hughes
Sam Williams
Jason Evangelho
Milecia McGregor
A version of this article appeared in the “Musk Reads” newsletter. Sign up for free here.
Got any comments or queries? Don’t forget to send them over to muskreads@inverse.com.
logout
Watch on YouTube
ADVERT
Share via
Copy link
Related Topics:
Subscribe to Visual Capitalist
Get your mind blown on a daily basis:
If you read this far, tweet to the author to show them you care. Tweet a thanks
Recommended Reading:
Sponsored Content
Learn to code for free. freeCodeCamp's"
 " open source curriculum has helped more than 40,000 people get jobs as developers. Get started
MORE:
RELATED:
.
Painting by the author Javier Ideami@ideami.com
Conclusion
Featured Videos From The Verge
If you buy something from a Verge link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.
More from The Verge
(Image credit: Shutterstock)
Credit
Continue scrolling to keep reading
Click the button below to start this article in quick view.
Getty Images
Final Thoughts
More about
SUMMARY
Related Story
Share this:
Share
KEY FACT
newsletter promo
Sign up for Scientific American’s free newsletters. Sign Up
ADVERTISEMENT
This is an opinion and analysis article; the views expressed by "
 "the author or authors are not necessarily those of Scientific American.
(Summary of changes)
Merge made by recursive.
Credit: Getty Images
Source
Alexandru Paduraru
Share on LinkedIn
Calendar Icon
Source: Bloomberg
Sign Up
Julian Chokkattu
Email
Your email
advertisement
www.businessinsider.com
	Japanese Translation
NOW WATCH: Popular Videos from Insider Inc.
}
....
Loading...
Key points
right up arrow
ABOUT THE AUTHOR(S)
Disclosure statement
📩 The latest on tech, science, and more: Get our newsletters!
Shutterstock
The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com.
100%75%50%25%0%
See What’s Next in Tech With the Fast Forward Newsletter
From artificial intelligence and self-driving cars to transformed cities and new startups, sign up for the latest news.
Simon Hill
logo
By signing up you agree to our User Agreement (including the class action waiver and arbitration provisions), our Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement and to receive marketing and account-related emails from WIRED. You can unsubscribe at any time.
More
Key Takeaways
Link
Medea Giordano
References
Adrienne So
We believe in the free flow of information
Republish this article
Sign up
1
Trending Now
Content
Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under a Creative Commons license.
	Russian Translation
Facebook
Twitter
Subscribe
Story continues
Business
Share this story
How To Recognize An Intense Person (20 Signs You Have An Intense Personality)
|
Follow
This is an opinion and analysis article; the views expressed by the author or authors are not necessarily those of Scientific American.
Get it sent to your inbox.
Tags
Culture
Photo: Getty Images
👁️ Explore AI like never before with our new database
Leslie Berland
	Spanish Translation
3
PHOTO-ILLUSTRATION: SAM WHITNEY; GETTY IMAGES
Oct. 12, 2022
posted on:
Chavie Lieber
Victoria Hitchcock
PLAY SOUND
This is an opinion and analysis article, and the views expressed by the author or authors are not necessarily those of Scientific American.
Copy
Print
Flipboard
Like this column? Sign up to subscribe to email alerts and you'll never miss a post.
ADVERTISING
/
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Let us know what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor at mail@wired.com.
BY
Nicole Tung for The New York Times
4-5 minutes
_____
Settings
Sean Illing
Advertisement · Scroll to continue
Article content
Introduction
Save
author-avatar
About the author
Keep reading
Eric Ravenscraft
references
Boone Ashworth
Show more
5-6 minutes
This Morning
The Daily Digest for Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders
✅ Allows users to paste passwords
Related:
[An edited transcript of the interview follows.]
                   ·
200%175%150%125%100%75%50%
ArialCourierGeorgiaImpactLucida ConsoleTahomaTimes New RomanTrebuchet MSVerdana
NoneRaisedDepressedUniformDrop Shadow
Fields marked with an * are required
Disagree, confidence level 7
Newsletter
Related
by
image
facebooktwitterEmail
 |
Join the conversation
The State of the War
6-7 minutes
View more
+ Read More
✅ Informs users of password reset
The bottom line
“
See Also
Pros
You have read all of your free articles for this month.
Photograph: Kyle Jeffers
Wired
Email address
Security
Cons
of 15
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Apple
{
Save 30% on a Digital Subscription Subscribe
on
Share:
In this article:
Science
If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more.
100%75%50%25%
Alerts
Slashgear
3-4 minutes
Precision Time Protocol
Impact
Tyler Hicks/The New York Times
	Romanian Translation
✅ Allows passwords ≥ 40 characters
✅ Offers two-factor authentication
How to Make Time Work For You — The Time Mastery Framework
Why it matters
___
MORE FROMFORBES ADVISOR
[Break]
Sponsored Business Content
Dianomi logo
Sign up for the Fortune Features email list so you don’t miss our biggest features, exclusive interviews, and investigations.
facebooktwitterreddit
Recommended
article-prompt-devices
Register for free to Reuters and know the full story
Register now
www.wired.com
Photograph: Anna Huix
Ad
The Bottom Line
Tweet
PHOTOGRAPH: GETTY IMAGES
See more
By clicking ‘Sign up’, you agree to receive marketing emails from Insider as well as other partner offers and accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Loading ad
>>>
Smarter faster: the Big Think newsletter
Subscribe for counterintuitive, surprising, and impactful stories delivered to your inbox every Thursday
PHOTO-ILLUSTRATION: WIRED STAFF; GETTY IMAGES
Kyiv
	Arabic Translation
⛔ Does not allow authenticator apps
Join our Space Forums to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment, let us know at: community@space.com.
Read more
Abstract
Published
#
Curious Kids is a series for children of all ages. If you have a question you’d like an expert to answer, send it to curiouskidsus@theconversation.com.
Hello, curious kids! Do you have a question you’d like an expert to answer? Ask an adult to send your question to CuriousKidsUS@theconversation.com. Please tell us your name, age and the city where you live.
And since curiosity has no age limit – adults, let us know what you’re wondering, too. We won’t be able to answer every question, but we will do our best.
The ReadME Project amplifies the voices of the open source community: the maintainers, developers, and teams whose contributions move the world forward every day.
Parker Hall
Close
Elon Musk.
.
Ethics
Logic
6-8 minutes
‍
7-9 minutes
Reece Rogers
	Chinese Translation
	French Translation
Password Security: Room for Improvement
Disagree, confidence level 8
Disagree, confidence level 6
Share on Pinterest
-
Sponsored
  }
OffAutomated Captions - en-US
PROMOTED
Ad Choices
..
Gift Article
[More than 150,000 readers get one of The Conversation’s informative newsletters. Join the list today.]
[Over 150,000 readers rely on The Conversation’s newsletters to understand the world. Sign up today.]
Sponsor Message
Michael Calore: Yeah.
Menu
GAMERANT VIDEO OF THE DAY
Manu Cornet
Fast Company logo with black background and white lettering
Be in the Know. Subscribe to Fast Company Newsletters.
Co.Design
If you liked this, you may also like Hackers & Painters.
B
WIRED Staff
⛔ Does not allow authenticator hardware
Get Started with Bitwarden
This is an opinion and analysis article.
Cancer
Reprinted from E&E News with permission from POLITICO, LLC. Copyright 2021. E&E News provides essential news for energy and environment professionals.
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
✨ Optimize your home life with our Gear team’s best picks, from robot vacuums to affordable mattresses to smart speakers
Comment
Play
Full Transcript
With no shareholders or billionaire owner, we can set our own agenda and provide trustworthy journalism that’s free from commercial and political influence, offering a counterweight to the spread of misinformation. When it’s never mattered more, we can investigate and challenge without fear or favour.
Unlike many others, Guardian journalism is available for everyone to read, regardless of what they can afford to pay. We do this because we believe in information equality. Greater numbers of people can keep track of global events, understand their impact on people and communities, and become inspired to take meaningful action.
Article count
Reprinted from E&E News with permission from POLITICO, LLC. Copyright 2022. E&E News provides essential news for energy and environment professionals.
Further Reading
By submitting my information, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and to receive offers and promotions from Bloomberg.
More TechCrunch
WATCH
    ...
Daniel Markovits
The Register Newsletter
Google via Simon Hill
Apple via Simon Hill
Adam Speight
Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.
nytimes.com/subscription
Video player loading
2 Images
Comment on this essay.
January 15, 2023
MICHAEL KIMMAGE is Professor of History at the Catholic University of America and a Visiting Fellow at the German Marshall Fund. From 2014 to 2016, he served on the Policy Planning Staff at the U.S. Department of State, where he held the Russia/Ukraine portfolio.
Source: Insider
Chris Stokel-Walker
For example:
Takeaways
Yes.
No
Send
A Word From Verywell
+
It also contains the following vitamins and minerals:
Further reading
About the Author
This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
***
The following essay is reprinted with permission from The Conversation, an online publication covering the latest research.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Also read:
/**
PreviousNext
Credit...
The New York Times: Digital and Home Delivery Subscriptions
William MacAskill
Dig Deeper With Our Longreads Newsletter
Sign up to get our best longform features, investigations, and thought-provoking essays, in your inbox every Sunday.
Summary:
Advertisement:
matches burning out from left to right on an orange background
ILLUSTRATION: ELENA LACEY
Transcript
Play/Pause Button
The Research Brief is a short take about interesting academic work.
The big idea
Overview
Mohsin Hamid
Authors
Report an ad
Image caption,
Social and Political Philosophy
John Ismay
Lynsey Addario for The New York Times
Compass: Our Daily Newsletter
You'll find this essay and 14 others in Hackers & Painters.
	Portuguese Translation
Password Security: Good
⛔ Does not require login using new password
Conclusions
scala
≈
Samsung 980
MORE FOR YOU
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Submit
Was this page helpful?
Causes
When to see a doctor
Warming Female Arousal Gel
Why?
 */
/* #################################################### */
    }
Credit: Jen Christiansen
We aim to offer readers a comprehensive, international perspective on critical events shaping our world – from the Black Lives Matter movement, to the new American administration, Brexit, and the world's slow emergence from a global pandemic. We are committed to upholding our reputation for urgent, powerful reporting on the climate emergency, and made the decision to reject advertising from fossil fuel companies, divest from the oil and gas industries, and set a course to achieve net zero emissions by 2030.
If there were ever a time to join us, it is now. Every contribution, however big or small, powers our journalism and sustains our future. Support the Guardian from as little as $1 – it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. Check out my website.
No translations available.
Jacques Leslie
To honor your privacy preferences, this content can only be viewed on the site it originates from.
LaneFortyfive
Show Notes
Recommendations
Ideas
Image by Storyset on Freepik
True
Entrepreneur Editors' Picks

FacebookTwitterTelegram
By submitting your email, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
et Subscriptor
History of Philosophy
Philosophy of Science
Chernobyl black frogs reveal evolution in action
Noel King
Peter Kafka
Send in a private message
7-8 minutes
T
	Italian Translation
	German Translation
from: Paul Graham
from: Fred Wilson
Plugged In
✅ Allows authenticator hardware
Agree, confidence level 7
Source: The New Yorker
haskell
Breakfast
Lunch
Dinner
GETTY IMAGES
Diabetes
Google
[Get the best of The Conversation, every weekend. Sign up for our weekly newsletter.]
00:00
Table of Contents
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Sign Me Up
Tagged:
(Image credit: Future)
Andy Greenberg
Background Image
How to Listen
Michael Calore: Lauren.
Lauren Goode: Mike.
[Gadget Lab outro theme music plays]
What still isn’t known
Related stories:
Luc Olinga
Join 425,000 subscribers and get a daily digest of features, articles, news, and trivia.
Join our Newsletter
KEY POINTS
Photograph: Eriver Hijano
PHOTO-ILLUSTRATION: JACQUI VANLIEW; GETTY IMAGES
Read the original article on Business Insider
Photograph: Justin J. Wee
Axios on facebook
Axios on twitter
Axios on linkedin
Axios on email
ideas
00:18
Where Does This Come From?
Why Is It Actually Negative?
Save $120 on a 1-year subscription
View All Comments
3-3 minutes
Share on Twitter
8-10 minutes
www.theregister.com
4-4 minutes
The all-in-one app for all your investments
Photo: Mark Wickens for Google
to: Paul Graham
2 days ago
More Must-Reads From TIME
⛔ Does not allow two-factor authentication
PASSWORD SECURITY SCORE: 42%
✅ Requires login using new password
✅ Allows authenticator apps
SHARE
This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Depression
Partners
Explore further
Reviewed by
On
Illustration by Alex Castro / The Verge
Tingling and warming - the perfect duo for her pleasure
$19.95
$49.95
Continue reading
Microsoft
New Subscriber Offer          Learn More
var fullPoem = appendTextLines(originalVersionPartTwo, to: originalVersionPartOne)
Running xcodebuild
Parsing main.swift (1/1)
building site
building search index
jam out ♪♫ to your fresh new docs in `docs`
Jessica Wilkins
… we have a small favour to ask. Tens of millions have placed their trust in the Guardian’s high-impact journalism since we started publishing 200 years ago, turning to us in moments of crisis, uncertainty, solidarity and hope. More than 1.5 million readers, from 180 countries, have recently taken the step to support us financially – keeping us open to all, and fiercely independent.
Auto720p1080p720p406p270p180p
Yes
GETTY
—
mobile-email-icon
Stay ahead with our exclusives on Asia
Sign up to our newsletters to get our best stories delivered straight to your inbox.
- ADVERTISEMENT -
Are you a scientist who specializes in neuroscience, cognitive science or psychology? And have you read a recent peer-reviewed paper that you would like to write about for Mind Matters? Please send suggestions to Scientific American’s Mind Matters editor Daisy Yuhas at pitchmindmatters@gmail.com.
Click here to copy a link to this section
More Must-Read Stories From TIME
... Read More
ILLUSTRATION: YOSHI SODEOKA
🏃🏽‍♀️ Want the best tools to get healthy? Check out our Gear team’s picks for the best fitness trackers, running gear (including shoes and socks), and best headphones
[Over 140,000 readers rely on The Conversation’s newsletters to understand the world. Sign up today.]
IMAGE SOURCE, GETTY IMAGES
What to do about it
Photograph: Apple
Julian Chokkattu and Gear Team
Dig deeper into the moment.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Credit: Brown Bird Design
PHOTOGRAPH: APPLE
[Gadget Lab intro theme music plays]
An illustration of a solar storm in space
Frequently Asked Questions
New! Click on the conversation bubble to join the conversation Got it!
Arielle Pardes
Traceback (most recent call last):
2.718281828459045
3.141592653589793
Odds and ends:
(Image credit: Rockstar Games)
Chris Young
RELATED
The Best Tech Newsletter Anywhere
Sign Me Up!
Criteria
Treatment
By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
TAKEAWAY
Prevention
Symptoms
All products recommended by Engadget are selected by our editorial team, independent of our parent company. Some of our stories include affiliate links. If you buy something through one of these links, we may earn an affiliate commission. All prices are correct at the time of publishing.
freestar
Sign up for the Russia-Ukraine War Briefing.  Every evening, we'll send you a summary of the day's biggest news.
Aesthetics
Key features
PHOTOGRAPH: Joe Pugliese
www.vox.com
Square
amp.theguardian.com
Kherson
Finance starts with the Morning Brief newsletter
2-3 minutes
December 11, 2022
11-14 minutes
Laura Boushnak for The New York Times
NIL
	Hebrew Translation
* * *
--pg
subject: Re: meet the airbeds
to: Fred Wilson
img
Another said,
PASSWORD SECURITY SCORE: 85%
Agree, confidence level 4
Strongly Disagree, confidence level 8
Agree, confidence level 3
Agree, confidence level 8
(Image credit: Intel)
RELATED STORIES
Samsung
More about...
Is it worth it?
Saugat Bolakhe
Amy Martyn
Backchannel
Back
MetLife Vision Health Library
Rhett Allain
Visit the Oral Health Library to take a risk assessment, read up on dental topics and more.
USER
Check up on oral health
More:
SYSTEM
Share full article
Richard Ngo
Edward Wong
Jennifer M. Wood
Will Knight
Daniel Kokotajlo
Looking Back
Image description
Summary
View fullsize
Noise canceling showdown
Time Travel
Ask Me One Thing
Michael Bluhm
(Image credit: Tammy Rogers/ iMore)
Robert Hamilton
The Mystery of the Colorado River’s Missing Water
Jaan Tallinn
Reporting from New Delhi
Image of a line break
Photograph: Josh Valcarcel
Getty / Futurism
The Plain View
[Chuckle]
Marc Santora
Read next
A refreshed look at leadership from the desk of CEO and chief content officer Stephanie Mehta
Ben Garfinkel
Adam Gleave
SUBSCRIBE
Paramount Television
gwern
Author
Enlarge
This article is part of a series examining what a year of war in Ukraine has revealed.
David Grann
Tags:
Published in the October 10, 2016 Issue
Reply
A D V E R T I S E M E N T
Brendan Hoffman for The New York Times
JULIA
LUCE
Learn how to navigate and strengthen trust in your business with The Trust Factor, a weekly newsletter examining what leaders need to succeed. Sign up here.
Unmute
View larger image
Duration
ILLUSTRATION: JAMES MARSHALL; GETTY IMAGES
Related Reading:
You can submit questions to mail@wired.com. Write ASK LEVY in the subject line.
End Times Chronicle
Last but Not Least
Reader Question
@Test
Join Ars Technica and
Get Our Best Tech Stories
Delivered Straight to your Inbox.
SIGN ME UP
By signing up, you agree to our user agreement (including the class action waiver and arbitration provisions), our privacy policy and cookie statement, and to receive marketing and account-related emails from Ars Technica. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Max Daniel
EMILY
Was this helpful?
Get the best of Forbes to your inbox with the latest insights from experts across the globe.
the gears to ascension
Enter fullscreen
Original story reprinted with permission from Quanta Magazine, an editorially independent publication of the Simons Foundation whose mission is to enhance public understanding of science by covering research developments and trends in mathematics and the physical and life sciences.
Image Credit: LIVESTRONG.com Creative
In this Guide, you will learn:
Michael Calore: Yes.
more…
So What?
Chris Baraniuk
A New Generation of Chatbots
Card 1 of 5
Credit: Mark Belan
Anecdote from a Microsoft Interviewer
I HAVE AN OPINION
We'd love to hear what you think.
Title icon
Rohin Shah
Cassandra Vinograd
Ivan Nechepurenko
Still from Demolition Man
Warner Bros.
PHOTOGRAPH: MIRAGEC/GETTY IMAGES
theconversation.com
Did you find this article insightful?
If so, you’ll be interested in our free daily newsletter. It’s filled with the insights of academic experts, written so that everyone can understand what’s going on in the world. With the latest scientific discoveries, thoughtful analysis on political issues and research-based life tips, each email is filled with articles that will inform you and often intrigue you.
Beth Daley
Editor and General Manager
Not sure who you can trust on the news?
Find peace of mind, and the facts, with experts. Add evidence-based articles to your news digest. No uninformed commentariat. Just experts. 90,000 of them have written for us. They trust us. Give it a go.
Before you go…
If you found the article you just read to be insightful, you’ll be interested in our free daily newsletter. It’s filled with the insights of academic experts, written so that everyone can understand what’s going on in the world. Each newsletter has articles that will inform and intrigue you.
Scott White
CEO | Editor-in-Chief
We have a new weekly newsletter for Europeans
It helps you go deeper into key political issues and also introduces you to the diversity of research coming out of the continent. It's not about breaking news. It's not about unfounded opinions. The Europe newsletter is evidence-based expertise from European scholars, presented by myself in France, and two of my colleagues in Spain and the UK.
Natalie Sauer
Head of English section, France edition
Comment on this article
johnswentworth
Play Video
TNS DAILY
We've launched a new daily email newsletter! You can now receive a free roundup of the most recent TNS articles in your inbox each day. Register now, never miss a story, always stay in-the-know.
Report this ad
Takeaway
Posted by
Reprinted from E&E News with permission from POLITICO, LLC. Copyright 2023. E&E News provides essential news for energy and environment professionals.
Zak Jason
We hope you've enjoyed your free articles
Don't miss another article—become a subscriber today
Subscriptions start at $59 per year
See Options
Already a subscriber? Log in
Lauren Goode
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the GooglePrivacy PolicyandTerms of Serviceapply.
Image Credits: Rooms.xyz
Photograph: Joe Pugliese
relates to The Difficulties of Density
Acknowledgements
Photo of Martin Fowler
Footnotes
Minutes
Click to Tweet
Previous
Next
Gregory Barber
Tactics:
Conditions
Twitter logoLinkedIn logo
The Art of Knowing Nothing
[Music]
4 min read
Paramount Pictures
Buck Shlegeris
Matthew Graves
Anushka Patil
Mauricio Lima for The New York Times
Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. Check out my website or some of my other work here.
Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands
Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors
Sydney’s responses should also be positive, interesting, entertaining and engaging.
Get me there faster
Related Videos:
Featured image source: IconScout
LogRocket generates product insights that lead to meaningful action
LogRocket identifies friction points in the user experience so you can make informed decisions about product and design changes that must happen to hit your goals.
With LogRocket, you can understand the scope of the issues affecting your product and prioritize the changes that need to be made. LogRocket simplifies workflows by allowing Engineering and Design teams to work from the same data as you, eliminating any confusion about what needs to be done.
Get your teams on the same page — try LogRocket today.
Joel Khalili
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
You can always listen to this week's podcast through the audio player on this page, but if you want to subscribe for free to get every episode, here's how:
Lauren Goode: Yeah.
They Plugged GPT-4 Into Minecraft—and Unearthed New Potential for AI
A weekly dispatch from the future by Will Knight, exploring AI advances and other technology set to change our lives. Delivered every Thursday.
Background
Note
Significant Revisions
I hope you appreciated this article. Before you move on, I was hoping you would consider taking the step of supporting the Guardian’s journalism.
From Elon Musk to Rupert Murdoch, a small number of billionaire owners have a powerful hold on so much of the information that reaches the public about what’s happening in the world. The Guardian is different. We have no billionaire owner or shareholders to consider. Our journalism is produced to serve the public interest – not profit motives.
And we avoid the trap that befalls much US media – the tendency, born of a desire to please all sides, to engage in false equivalence in the name of neutrality. While fairness guides everything we do, we know there is a right and a wrong position in the fight against racism and for reproductive justice. When we report on issues like the climate crisis, we’re not afraid to name who is responsible. And as a global news organization, we’re able to provide a fresh, outsider perspective on US politics – one so often missing from the insular American media bubble.
Around the world, readers can access the Guardian’s paywall-free journalism because of our unique reader-supported model. That’s because of people like you. Our readers keep us independent, beholden to no outside influence and accessible to everyone – whether they can afford to pay for news, or not.
If you can, please consider supporting us just once from $1, or better yet, support us every month with a little more. Thank you.
Betsy Reed
Editor, Guardian US
Betsy Reed, Editor Headshot for Guardian US Epic
FROM chat
Land acknowledgement
Embrace Autism recognizes and acknowledges the traditional lands of the Indigenous peoples across Ontario. From the lands of the Anishinaabe to the Attawandaron and Haudenosaunee, these lands surrounding the Great Lakes are steeped in First Nations history. We are in solidarity with Indigenous brothers and sisters to honour and respect Mother Earth. We acknowledge and give gratitude for the wisdom of the Grandfathers and the four winds that carry the spirits of our ancestors that walked this land before us. Embrace Autism is located on the Treaty Lands and Territory of the Mississaugas of the Credit. We acknowledge and thank the Mississaugas of the Credit First Nation—the Treaty holders—for being stewards of this traditional territory.
A First Nations symbol, consisting of a Sun surrounded by four Eagle feathers.Embrace Autism symbol
Embrace Autism
Diego Mallo
-Jason
Lauren Goode: Yes.
Software Engineer a month ago
Add your perspective
Two ominous glowing hands puppeteering different controllers phones and a movie reel in red and black.
Recommendations #
Evgeniy Maloletka/Associated Press
Farnaz Fassihi
What to expect
Take action
Related Stories
Getty
Bing
www.psychologytoday.com
More great articles from LogRocket:
Top Storiesby FuturismTinder Working on $500/Month Subscription for Wealthy People With Zero Game
By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions
and are aged 16 or over.
AddThis Sharing Buttons
Share to LinkedIn
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Reddit
Share to Hacker News
Share to Email App
Related Videos
Jacob Pfau
The opinions expressed in Fortune.com commentary pieces are solely the views of their authors and do not necessarily reflect the opinions and beliefs of Fortune.
More must-read commentary published by Fortune:
iStock
Steve Mollman
Nelson Aguilar/CNET
World experts alarmed by ‘gene-edited babies’
Rust
The Gladiator Diet: How Vegetarian Athletes Stack Up
Comparing the diets of the Roman gladiator “barley men” and army troopers to the modern Spartans of today.
POSTED IN:
Chloe Berger
Delete
Delegate
Defer
Goals
Monthly
A flexible plan you can cancel anytime.
thumbnail
watch now
About the Authors
Top Storiesby FuturismThe Great Pacific Garbage Patch Is Teeming With Trash Life, Scientists Find
This article is reproduced with permission and was first published on February 22, 2023.
Image Credits: Figure
Sam Altman
A screenshot of Snap’s My AI chatbot.
Treblab
Momentum 4
Video of the Day
This article originally appeared in Spektrum der Wissenschaft and was reproduced with permission.
NEXT
SHARE THIS STORY
Policy Implications
Get the latest book reviews delivered bi-weekly.
Photograph: Dan Winters
Maxime Mouysset
Testing
Mike Melanson // May 9, 2023
Note: This is an automated transcript, which may contain errors.
Julian Chokkattu: Yeah.
Details
Learn More
The Fanfic Sex Trope That Caught a Plundering AI Red-Handed
This content is provided for informational purposes only, and should not be relied upon as legal, business, investment, or tax advice. You should consult your own advisers as to those matters. References to any securities or digital assets are for illustrative purposes only, and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Furthermore, this content is not directed at nor intended for use by any investors or prospective investors, and may not under any circumstances be relied upon when making a decision to invest in any fund managed by a16z. (An offering to invest in an a16z fund will be made only by the private placement memorandum, subscription agreement, and other relevant documentation of any such fund and should be read in their entirety.) Any investments or portfolio companies mentioned, referred to, or described are not representative of all investments in vehicles managed by a16z, and there can be no assurance that the investments will be profitable or that other investments made in the future will have similar characteristics or results. A list of investments made by funds managed by Andreessen Horowitz (excluding investments for which the issuer has not provided permission for a16z to disclose publicly as well as unannounced investments in publicly traded digital assets) is available at https://a16z.com/investments/.
Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others. Please see https://a16z.com/disclosures for additional important information.
Details:
Data
getty
Key Points
Notable Links
Who Wants to Live Forever?
Overlapping clocks forming the shape of a human head
The Impact Playbook: Motivating employees in a fast-changing world
Boost motivation by helping your employees understand why their work matters. In this free ebook, learn how to create a shared sense of purpose on your team.
Closing thoughts
screenshot with red border
Good luck!
Expert Tip
Issi Romem/BuildZoom
Revisions
Definitions
View Large Image
Figure Viewer
Download Hi-res image
Download (PPT)
Qwasar
Competitiveness
Getting Started
Conclusion #
Yungan TAO et al., European Journal of Cancer, 2023
Sponsored By GSK
From Your Site Articles
Related Articles Around the Web
return
Source: Twitter
Courses
Advertiser Disclosure
To Protect Europe, Let Ukraine Join NATO—Right Now
ANDRIY ZAGORODNYUK is Chair of the Centre for Defence Strategies. From 2019 to 2020, he was Minister of Defense of Ukraine. He is a distinguished fellow at the Atlantic Council.
Bose: Wow.
Image Credits: Romain Dillet / TechCrunch
content-type: application/json
Image
Final thoughts
ASSISTANT
Looking ahead
Comic generated with the section title by StableDiffusion (credits of the author)
@morganhousel
Sign up for more Collab Fund content
Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW)
Photo-illustration: WIRED Staff; Getty Images
Cache-Control: max-age=31536000, immutable
Image: Microsoft
Photograph: Magnus Nolan
Photograph: Melinda Sue Gordon/Universal Pictures
Question
More Stories
Platform as a Product: The Foundation For The Virtual Economy
The Vertically Integrated Ecosystem: The Railroads Moving Value Through The Virtual Economy
Community as a Product: The Citizens, Builders, and Culture of The Virtual Economy
Posted on
ChargePoint stations will be getting Tesla NACS plugs soon.
By David Pierce, editor-at-large and Vergecast co-host with over a decade of experience covering consumer tech. Previously, at Protocol, The Wall Street Journal, and Wired.
Try this at home! (with these handy practice questions):
Fast website
Inexpensive hosting
Minimal complexity
Power up your workday
Reach your goals faster with time tracking and work management.
Write normal Rust code e.g. crates/example-rust-bindings/src/lib.rs (and Cargo.toml etc. to go with it, with nothing special in it)
A software developer evaluates their adherence to feature management best practices
Until next time,
…see more
HoloLens 2
Magic Leap
Verdict
More than a decade ago, streaming shifted the pop culture landscape. Next up: artificial intelligence.
Will MacAskill
Paul Christiano
Sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter  Get expert analysis of the news and a guide to the big ideas shaping the world every weekday morning.
Marko Djurica/Reuters
Emile Ducke for The New York Times
Andrea Kannapell
Michael D. Shear
Andrew E. Kramer
Alexander Ermochenko/Reuters
Mujib Mashal
Bakhmut
Laetitia Vancon for The New York Times
www.cnet.com
Editors' note: CNET is using an AI engine to create some personal finance explainers that are edited and fact-checked by our editors. For more, see this post.
Warren Buffett.
www.insider.com
a weakened immune system
Image Credits: TechCrunch
Image Credits: Microsoft/OpenAI
Rob Dobi
www.forbes.com
Andrew Steele
London Futurists Podcast
Read More Read Less
PHOTOGRAPH: JASMIN MERDAN/GETTY IMAGES
Santosh Yadav
HalfOpen
Don't miss a moment with The Replay, a curated newsletter from LogRocket
Learn how LogRocket's Galileo cuts through the noise to proactively resolve issues in your app
Real-world applications
const options = {
published February 16, 2023
Key takeaways
Loading video
Shona Ghosh/Insider
Executive Summary
Yitz
Vladimir_Nesov
ChristianKl
Roman Leventov
cousin_it
Kenny
mesaoptimizer
Celarix
www.infoworld.com
[Photo: Hinge]
Paid Content
Help us celebrate nine years of Vox
Since Vox launched in 2014, our audience has supported our mission in so many meaningful ways. More than 80,000 people have responded to requests to help with our reporting. Countless teachers have told us about how they’re using our work in their classroom. And in the three years since we launched the Vox Contributions program, tens of thousands of people have chipped in to help keep our unique work free. We’re committed to keeping our work free for all who need it, because we believe that high-quality explanatory journalism is a public good. We can’t rely on ads alone to do that. Will you help us keep Vox free for the next nine years by making a gift today?
(Image credit: Casey Potter)
Read more:
The productivity gap between states is getting wider. That’s bad for the U.S. economy
Washington
[Photo: courtesy of Hampton]
Source: PLOS
Author: Press Office
Image: The image is in the public domain
Original Research: Open access.
I agree to have my personal information transferred to AWeber for Neuroscience Newsletter ( more information )
Sign up to receive our recent neuroscience headlines and summaries sent to your email once a day, totally free.
We hate spam and only use your email to contact you about newsletters. You can cancel your subscription any time.
crash_course_tout
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.
To contact the author of this story:
To contact the editor responsible for this story:
/ Getty Images
Looking Forward
More from TIME
Lon Tweeten/TIME
Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images
Lattice
Instacart
Asana
Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Codeacademy
Coco
ZeroDown
Humane
Journey Colab
TrialSpark
Togo Igawa, Nino Furuhata, and Taron Egerton in Tetris, premiering March 31st, 2023, on Apple TV Plus.
Morgan McCloy/NPR
Matthew Ball
Listen to this story
Blair Hall at Princeton University.
Share via Email
Share on WhatsApp
Share on Messenger
Can we use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda out of the box to reach the 10,000 RPS?
Cache
writing_book_google_docs_header_illustration_keyword (1)
Pavlo Petrov
Agata Grzybowska
Nicole Tung
Anastasia Taylor-Lind
Serhii Korovainyi
Julia Kochetova
Headshot of Tim Newcomb
relates to Banks to ChatGPT: Please Leave Before We Call Security
www.usatoday.com
Beyond Meat
Get more iMore in your inbox!
Our news, reviews, opinions, and easy to follow guides can turn any iPhone owner into an Apple aficionado
Sam Williams / Pixabay
Illustration: Inc.
Gilbert Carrasquillo/GC Images
(Image credit: Henry T. Casey / Tom's Guide)
Listen to this article
And many more…
Source: CalTech
Phytochemicals
VitaFLUX®
Report this
In other news:
Keep updated with the latest tech news throughout your day by checking out The Refresh from Insider, a dynamic audio news brief from the Insider newsroom. Listen here.
Curated by Jordan Parker Erb in New York. (Feedback or tips? Email jerb@insider.com or tweet @jordanparkererb.) Edited by Hallam Bullock (tweet @hallam_bullock) in London.
Scroll to Continue
Currency: Euro
Dhruv Bhutani / Android Authority
Story continues below advertisement
What’s next
Image Credits: Happy Health
An illustration of an arrow sticking out of an asterisk.
A photo posted by on
Ars Tribunus Militum
Tribus: Minneapolis, MN
Eleanor Cummins
This article appears in the November 2022 issue. Subscribe now.
Wrapping up
Topics:
What we're watching today:
Get the latest tech news & scoops — delivered daily to your inbox.
SEE ALSO
Jump to:
Rinat Akhmetov trades media licenses for clean slate
Alexander Query
Stay on top of the latest engineering news just enter your email and we’ll take care of the rest.
ByAmy DaniseEditor
GUIDES
Advertisements
The authors do not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organization that would benefit from this article, and have disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond their academic appointment.
Illustration: Elena Lacey; Getty Images
Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com
Register
If you're on an iPhone or iPad, open the app called Podcasts, or just tap this link. You can also download an app like Overcast or Pocket Casts, and search for Gadget Lab. If you use Android, you can find us in the Google Podcasts app just by tapping here. We’re on Spotify too. And in case you really need it, here's the RSS feed.
This article appears in the October 2022 issue. Subscribe now.
Quad Cortex
Physicists Struggle to Unite around Future Plans
Android phone displaying a notification pop-up
Aaron Francis
SCORE
Categories
Finbarr O'Reilly for The New York Times
Ben Shpigel
Matthew Mpoke Bigg
Reporting from Brussels
Credit... Photo illustration by Anthony Gerace
Credit: Louis Rosenberg using Midjourney
Courtesy of Atomico
Buy Book
A correction was made on
Adam Gordon Bell %
Sign up today
-  Gaston Dorren
Endy Austin
Daniel Chae
Jamie Carter
Radio Dismuke
Soma fm
YouTube Music
8tracks
KEXP
Aux Live
Qobuz
Jean-Marc Möckel
Enter your email
Learn faster. Dig deeper. See farther.
Join the O'Reilly online learning platform. Get a free trial today and find answers on the fly, or master something new and useful.
Credit: Nick Higgins
Visit these websites for more recipe inspiration:Clean eating: How to
begin a whole foods diet | Shine365 from Marshfield Clinic
Editor’s note: This post is the first in a series with information to
help you on the road to clean eating with a whole foods diet. Remaining
posts in the series feature suggestions and recipes for each meal.